
Mon Apr 09 22:41:31 2018: Request 86668 was acted upon.
 Transaction: Queue changed from 0-Help to 0-SDSC by buskuehl
       Queue: 0-SDSC
     Subject: C++ 11 Compilation problem with Intel TBB on Comet
       Owner: buskuehl
  Requestors: shw328@eng.ucsd.edu
      Status: open
 Ticket <URL: https://tickets.xsede.org/Ticket/Display.html?id=86668 >


Hi XSEDE help

I am a current user on Comet cluster under username stingw.

I tried to compile an example of Intel TBB library on Comet cluster. (Link
to the example https://github.com/01org/tbb/blob/tbb_2018/examples/
graph/fgbzip2/fgbzip2.cpp)

The example requires some C++ 11 features,  e.g. supporting lambda
functions, as written in its preprocessor flags: #if
__TBB_CPP11_LAMBDAS_PRESENT.

It worked perfectly on my own machine with gcc 5.4.0 , glibc 2.23 , and
glibcxx 3.4.21. These libraries are newer than its counterpart on Comet.
On Comet, gcc is 4.9.0, glibc is 2.12, and glibcxx is 3.4.13.

The compilation of the example on Comet didn't work out and gave the
following errors:

 /home/stingw/demo_tbb_cmake/tbb/examples/graph/fgbzip2/fgbzip2.cpp:142:20:
error: 'async_node' in namespace 'tbb::flow' does not name a template type
 typedef tbb::flow::async_node< tbb::flow::continue_msg, BufferMsg >
async_file_reader_node;
                    ^
/home/stingw/demo_tbb_cmake/tbb/examples/graph/fgbzip2/fgbzip2.cpp:143:20:
error: 'async_node' in namespace 'tbb::flow' does not name a template type
 typedef tbb::flow::async_node< BufferMsg, tbb::flow::continue_msg >
async_file_writer_node;

First, it's an error unrelated to C++11 lambda feature. It may indicate
that the environment doesn't have full C++11 support. Second, it's not a
trivial header inclusion error. I did include the right header file: tbb
/flow_graph.h. 'async node' appears in line 3768 of tbb/flow_graph.h
<https://github.com/01org/tbb/blob/tbb_2018/include/tbb/flow_graph.h#L3768>.

A possible explanation for the compilation error can be the environment
setup related to C++11, and I'm guessing that the difference on gcc, glibc,
and glibcxx is highly possible to contribute to the compilation error I had.

Did someone report similar issues related to C++ 11 support on Comet
before? Is it possible to update gcc, glibc, and glibcxx libraries to a
later or the latest version?

Also, I include my advisor Prof. George Porter (cc'd) in the loop so that
we can keep him updated.

Many Thanks,
Shu-Ting
 
