
Thu May 31 10:42:06 2018: Request 89335 was acted upon.
 Transaction: Queue changed from 0-Help to 0-SDSC by jhawthor
       Queue: 0-SDSC
     Subject: Need help getting started on Comet/Data Oasis
       Owner: Nobody
  Requestors: fionakearns@mail.usf.edu
      Status: open
 Ticket <URL: https://tickets.xsede.org/Ticket/Display.html?id=89335 >


Hello,

My name is Fiona Kearns, I was just granted an allocation on Comet with
500GB's of storage on Data Oasis, I also have access to an allocation on
Bridges with PSC storage through another project I am working on with Gregg
Beckham.

I'm a computational chemist, emphasis on the chemist, so I'm having some
difficulties navigating the xsede documentation to figure out how to get my
files appropriately on Data Oasis and start running jobs. I want to
eventually work from both of my allocations, but for now I just want a more
general understanding of how things are set up.

I've read the Data Oasis user guide and unfortunately I'm still a little
confused. I have broken my confusions down into three questions:

1. The 500GB of storage granted in my allocation, where exactly is that
space allocated on Data Oasis? Is that what is referred to by:

/oasis/projects/nsf/allocationname/username/

which, in my case, is one of two options:

/oasis/projects/nsf/sfl108/fkearns/
/oasis/projects/nsf/mit116/fkearns/

Are those the directories where I actually store files relating to my jobs?

When originally trying to start running jobs, I used scp to copy a large
(60GB) tar-ball from my local machine to
fkearns@comet.sdsc.xsede.org:/home/fkearns/
and now it says 'Disk Quota Exceeded' in that directory so I assume that is
actually NOT where I am supposed to be copying files. Where should I
actually be copying files to?

2. Where do I actually run jobs from? Meaning, under which directory
structure would I execute an SBATCH or SRUN command? Would I do that on
comet or data oasis? (At my university cluster we are supposed to run jobs
from a /work/ directory structure and use our /home/ directory structure
for longer term storage so I'm just trying to figure out what the rules for
running jobs is.

Furthermore, if I'm submitting and running jobs from a different directory
structure than the one I store all of my files in, is it best to tar and
untar archived copies of the directory into a /tmp or /scratch space? or is
it best to just use path names when i need to refer to a far/distant file?

3. I need to compile some versions of CHARMM (a molecular modeling package)
to run my jobs, where is best to do that so that I can refer to it when
running jobs?

Thank you so much for any and all help, as you may be able to gather, I am
not much of a computer scientist and although I do need to get much better
about understanding this stuff I'm not quite there yet.

Thanks so much again,

Fiona
 
